fix(curriculum): adding code-block around linear variable (#46672)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-css-transforms-by-building-a-penguin/619d33c51140292cc5a21742.md

# --description--

> Use the `wave` animation on the left arm. Have the animation last `3s`, infinitely iterate, and have a `linear` timing function.

Author: I wanted to change this too, but I don't think it's needed. what do you think?

```suggestion
Use the `wave` animation on the left arm. Have the animation last `3s`, have `infinite` iteration count, and have a `linear` timing function.
```

Reviewer: I am not sure I would put code blocks on either of them, considering how to translate them

Author: Can you give me,more details. Like how this will affect translation?

Reviewer: If it's in code block it shouldn't be translated. For keywords that are english words it's a difficult call.

Author: Thank you, if I understand you correctly, values like `center`, `left` and `linear` aren't in code block unless they are hints👍

Reviewer: I would put it in code block only in sentences of the kind "should have a value of..."
